So, I'm here with Timo from Arvato,
and we're actually teaming up together to do a project.
So, the unsupervised learning project that we're working on in this lesson,
actually throughout the last few lessons,
are all aimed at strategies to cluster data together and group data in different ways.
The Arvato data that we're working with,
can you talk a little bit about what it's used
for and what are the features in the data that
maybe you find matter the most for the business goals that you have for the company.
Sure. So, yes.
You'll have one dataset that is a Bertelsmann Arvato proprietary database.
It includes demographic information,
some 100 attributes about people in Germany.
We gather this data from various public sources in Germany.
Then we also provide the second dataset to you that actually includes
demographic information attributes of the customers of one of our clients.
What we're asking you to do in this project is,
to analyze the attributes of the existing clients,
and match them to the database with people in Germany.
I think another challenge in your project,
is you'll see this huge amount of variables of attributes,
and of course it makes sense to cluster them in a smart way.
That's a day to day job.
That's something we're doing everyday.
So, there's financial and demographic information
about all of these different individuals?
Yes.
So, one of the things that students will likely want to do is try to
figure out what things are related to one another within the dataset.
Also, there's just messiness that comes with working with any data.
If you're pulling from public sources sometimes things might not be entered correctly.
Is that true for some of this potentially?
It's totally true. Even when you get public data,
data is always messy and always needs to be cleaned.
You always need to spend a fair amount of time to actually understand,
what does the data essentially say.
We are seeing that in these contexts where we're working directly with the client.
Where we think it should be clean data, it's messy.
Timo, thanks so much for some insight on the dataset.
Thank you. Thank you and thank you students for participating in this project.
It's a real-life project.
It's real data. So, good luck.